Signs and Portents1

The Midsummer meteor shower contin-ued  each  year,  and  numerous  “shooting  stars”  lit  up  the  skies  at  other  times  as  well. None, however, crashed to earth.On a warm summer evening in 1565, those ob-serving the waxing crescent moon saw a terrifying sight. The upper horn of the moon split in two, and from the midpoint of the division a flaming torch sprang up. It spewed out fire, hot coals, and sparks over a considerable distance. Meanwhile the rest of the  Moon  writhed  and  throbbed  like  a  wounded  snake. Afterwards it resumed its proper state. As  if  this  weren’t  apocalyptic  enough,  three  days later a rain of shooting stars fell through the sky  in  the  vicinity  of  the  Moon.  At  first,  it  was  similar to the delicate beauty of the Midsummer Meteor shower. Within hours, however, they be-gan  increasing,  soon  falling  at  a  prodigious  rate.  Before the night was over, it was as if a blizzard of tiny flaming lights were falling from the Moon.They only ceased when the sun rose, its power-ful light washing away the transitory brightness of the falling stars. The next day, the strange ce-lestial events were the topic of conversation in ev-ery city, town, village, and farmstead throughout Oratoa and Sahûl. Opinions  ranged  from  the  event  being  noth-ing more than a particularly impressive (but ordi-nary) meteor shower, to being an evil omen. Some thought  that  it  was  the  beginning  of  the  end  of  the world.Even before the Moon rose the next evening, a flurry of meteors could be seen on the horizon. As the Moon rose, the number of shooting stars dra-matically increased, until again it was as through the stars fell like rain. Mass panic ensued. The  density  of  the  falling  stars  soon  thinned;  within  just  a  few  days  it  was  more  of  a  sprinkle  than  a  monsoon,  but  it  was  a  month  before  it  ceased entirely. 1 With apologies to Gervasus Cantuariensis (c. 1141 – c. 1210)

Western Sahûl
The KiT’ixi CoasT

County of Tokatl (14 i/ta)

Her Excellency, Tinikatua viii the Implacable, Mistress of the Totek Hive, Countess of Tokatl, etc

Trade:Averon, Chi’tixi, Kachar, Sakkar, Taneki, ThaceD

DP:Let’s dance!

The  deeply  weird  and  deeply  religious  Countess  Tinikatua  viii is  getting  old,  and so she rested from her previous exer-tions. She did mention that she was totally against the  whole  “kill  Chi’tixi”  thing  and  thought  that  everybody should have a time out.The  great  Landgrave  Tazzix  Tarn,  Mistress  of  the Karatz Hive and former Regent of Tokatl died in  faraway  Oratoa  sometime  in  1564.  A  day  of  mourning was held, which included the emptying of the fabled wine cellars of Tz’akat.When what the Tokatl called “the Great Moon-shower”  began,  a  public  holiday  was  declared  so  that  everybody  could  dance  by  the  light  of  the  Moon and the falling stars.Tokatl’s government expanded.
